Bitcoin is a decentralized cryptocurrency that is acceptable in all countries despite the physical disability to some countries to accept it as a medium of payment. In the united states of America we usually use the bitcoin as a medium of payment in all we do. And how to sell them? All you need to do is to withdraw from our ant miners account to your binance account of which you'll sell to customers or vendors available in the application system.Mining bitcoin is an act of getting more coins by passing the difficulty and getting smaller bits of bitcoins known as satoshi’s which then sums up to bitcoins, the official currency it mines depends on your location it could be in usd , 1 bitcoin is about $9000, the mining rigs known as Antminer S9 and d3’s all require constant electricity and hashpower I have this electricity difficulty solved because I get free electricity from a company nearby, to earn I will need to connect your bitcoin wallet to the antiminer.which your profit will be sent daily to your wallet.When you mine this currencies you'll make money from it when you sell the currencies to companies and individualsAll you need to do is to download binance app and verify it then you add your start up capital then I'll help you connect your account with the antminers then you'll start seeing your account grow up high everydayOnce your account is created and funded with the amount you'll use to validate your account, you'll need to connect the account to our company ant miners, then we start the mining process proper and in 4 working days your profit is available for withdrawal, then you withdraw to your account successfully and sell the bitcoins to available vendors and withdraw directly to your bank account.You'll never make the kind of profit others are making on cryptocurrency mining if you're too scared to take risks. With proper account management you can make $10,000 on weekly basis without fear of losing your money. It's 90% risk free, and you get to monitor your account progress from your home. Be fearless and start taking risks so you can change your financial status. DM me if you're ready to take risks and interested in making huge profit weekly*Dear, if I must tell you the truth,the future belongs to those who are mining Bitcoin.* *I have met so many investors like you who wrote to me to teach how to make money out of Bitcoin which I did and they have always been investing with me.*
Dear Bitcoin investment is the best.keeping your money in the bank only keeps you in one state. *Example:* if you have R20,000 and you invest R5,000 in Bitcoin, Bitcoin will give you more R30,000.so this is what I always tell all my investors just like the the way I'm telling you too. I don't just drag my investors into mining Bitcoin when they have not understood anything about it. I take time to teach them how Bitcoin work's and direct them on how to activate their mining season properly.I'll advise you to start now because the rate of Bitcoin is very high and convincing, so if you trade your trade goes beyond expectationsIf you startup with R4000 after 7days of a successful trading you'll make a profit of R58,593.34 profit credited to your luno bitcoin wallet. Luno is more like a bank account because you're the only one who has access to it. Only you can withdraw the profit you've made from IQ options by trading  with bitcoin. You can leave your profit in your Zar wallet or you transfer it to your personal bank account bra.Here are your possible earnings in 7days  of successful trade:
R1000 gives R10,250
R2000 gives R20,600
R3000 gives R30,300
R4000 gives R40,700
R5000 gives R50,900
